PREVIOUSLY ON
"BIG BROTHER": THE COOKOUT
ALLIANCE MASTERFULLY STAYED
HIDDEN.
ONE, TWO, THREE, COOKOUT!
...BECAUSE THEY
WERE EACH WORKING IN DUOS
OUTSIDE THE GROUP.
IF ONE OF THE COUPOS ENDS UP
ON THE BLOCK, THE COOKOUT HAS
THE NUMBERS TO KEEP US SAFE.
BY A VOTE OF 5-1,
SARAH BETH, YOU ARE EVICTED FROM
THE "BIG BROTHER" HOUSE.
THE COOKOUT
PLANNED TO TAKE CLAIRE OUT NEXT.
CLAIRE IS STARTING TO PUT THE
PIECES OF THIS TOGETHER.
AND THAT'S WHY SHE SHOULD GO
FIRST.
AND TIFFANY
SEEMED ON BOARD OF NOT WINNING
H.O.H. SO THEY COULD TARGET HER
B.F.F.
BUT AT THE HEAD
OF HOUSEHOLD COMPETITION,
TIFFANY REFUSED TO THROW IT.
I HAVEN'T TOUCHED THE BLOCK,
AND I'M NOT TOUCHING THE BLOCK
IF I DON'T HAVE TO.
...GIVING THE
FORMER QUEEN THE CROWN ONCE
AGAIN.
OH!
CONGRATULATIONS, TIFFANY, YOU
ARE NOW THE NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
AND HER PLAN WAS
TO KEEP HER NONCOOKOUT
KIDNAPPION SAFE.
I WANT CLAIRE TO STAY, AND I
CAME UP WITH A MASTER PLAN, AND,
THEREFORE, I SHOULD BE ABLE TO
KEEP MY PERSON.
THE COOKOUT WAS
NOT HAPPY WITH TIFFANY GOING
ROGUE.
I'M WORRIED SHE WILL TAKE
THAT SHOT AT US AND TAKE US OUT.
OH, THIS WEEK IS FULLY
BRINGING OUT MY SAVAGE SIDE.
AND KNOWING HIS
FRIEND ALYSSA WOULD BE TARGETED,
"X" WAS ESPECIALLY P.O.'d.
YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE WON H.O.H.
NOW YOU'VE GIVEN ME REASON TO
RUIN YOUR GAME.
AT THE
NOMINATION CEREMONY...
I HAVE NOMINATED YOU, ALYSSA,
AND YOU, XAVIER.
...TIFFANY
OFFICIALLY SET HER SIGHTS ON
ALYSSA.
THE COOKOUT MAY HAVE WANTED
CLAIRE GONE THIS WEEK, BUT THIS
IS MY H.O.H.
TONIGHT, WILL
THE POWER OF VETO HELP TIFFANY
COMPLETE HER PLAN?
OR WILL ONE OF THE NOMINEES BE
SAVED FROM THE BLOCK?
PLUS, THE COOKOUT IS ABOUT TO BE
ROASTED, BECAUSE ZINGBOT IS BACK
WITH ZINGERS FOR THE WHOLE
HOUSE.
LOOK AT THIS BUNCH OF LOSERS!
ALL THIS RIGHT
NOW ON "BIG BROTHER"!
YOU ALL BETTER BE NICE TO THE
H.O.H. UP THERE.
MIGHT GO ON THE BLOCK.
THIS NOMINATION CEREMONY IS
AJOURNED.
I NOMINATED ALYSSA AND XAVIER.
I KNOW THAT THE COOKOUT...
WANTED TO TARGET CLAIRE, BUT
SINCE IT'S MY H.O.H., THERE'S NO
WAY I'M NOMINATING CLAIRE THIS
WEEK.
SO, ALYSSA, YOU ARE HEADING OUT
THAT DOOR.
I'M REALLY NOT SHOCKED THAT
"X" AND I ARE ON THE BLOCK.
IT'S THE OBVIOUS DECISION TO
MAKE.
WE ARE A STRONG DUO IN THE
HOUSE.
I REALLY DON'T KNOW WHERE
TIFFANY'S HEAD'S AT AS FAR AS
WHO HER MAIN TARGET IS, BUT THIS
IS PROBABLY THE MOST IMPORTANT
VETO TO WIN AT THIS POINT IN MY
GAME.
I AM ON THE BLOCK NEXT TO MY
NUMBER ONE, SO I JUST REALLY,
REALLY NEED TO FOCUS AND GUN FOR
THIS VETO AS HARD AS I CAN.
"X" YOU LOOK GOOD.
YOU DO LOOK GOOD.
THIS IS IDEAL.
I'M SO HAPPY THAT ALYSSA AND "X"
ARE ON THE BLOCK, AND WE'RE
FINALLY GOING TO SPLIT UP
ANOTHER DUO.
AND I KNOW THAT I'M GOING TO BE
SAFE.
THINGS COULD NOT BE BETTER RIGHT
NOW.
WELL DONE.
CLAIRE WAS THE COOKOUT'S
INTENDED TARGET FOR THIS WEEK.
BUT TIFFANY TOOK IT UPON HERSELF
TO WIN H.O.H.
SO HER SELFISH MOTIVATION HAS
RESULTED ME IN SEEING THE BLOCK
FOR THE THIRD TIME IN A ROW WHEN
I WASN'T SUPPOSED TO SEE THE
BLOCK THIS WEEK.
A LITTLE FRUSTRATING.
> WE'RE ALL ON THE BLOCK.
WE'RE ALL ON THE BLOCK.
LAST TWO, ARE ON THE BLOCK!
OH, MY GOD!
IT IS WHAT IT IS.
UH-HUH.
IT'S NOT GOING TO BE AN EASY
WIN FOR US.
YEAH.
YOU GET HOUSEGUEST CHOICE,
WHO ARE YOU GOING TO PICK?
THAT'S A GREAT QUESTION.
I'M NOT SURE.
I THINK YOU SHOULD PICK
HANNAH.
BUT HANNAH IS CLOSE WITH
TIFFANY.
I DON'T THINK IT'S SMART TO PICK
SOMEONE THAT WILL USE IT ON US,
AND I DON'T THINK ANYONE WILL.
IF I'M PICKING HOUSEGUEST
CHOICE, I'M PICKING SOMEONE I
THINK I COULD BEAT, SO I'LL
PROBABLY PICK BIG "D" OR AZAH.
OKAY, TRUE.
THE WAY I SEE IT, IF ONE OF
US DOESN'T WIN THE VETO, IT'S
NOT LOOKING GOOD FOR THE BALD
BLACK MAN.
SO...
I'M MAKING ALYSSA THINK THAT I'M
THE TARGET THIS WEEK, JUST TO
BETTER CONCEAL THE COOKOUT.
BUT I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO DO THIS.
ALYSSA AND I SHOULDN'T BE ON THE
BLOCK THIS WEEK.
IT SHOULD BE CLAIRE AND TIFFANY.
NOW I NEED TO FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO RECTIFY THE SITUATION SO THAT
IT'S NOT ALYSSA AND I SITTING
NEXT TO EACH OTHER COME
THURSDAY.
I'M ON THE BLOCK.
I'M FEELING RECKLESS.
8 BALL CORNER POCKET.
BOOM!
SEE, AS YOU CAN SEE, AMERICA,
I CAN'T WIN ANYTHING IN THIS
HOUSE.
YOU DID GREAT ON YOUR SPEECH
TODAY.
THANK YOU.
DAMN, IF ALYSSA COMES DOWN...
I DON'T WANT TO BE IN THE
POSITION WHERE I HAVE TO
NOMINATE A THIRD PERSON.
WHO WOULD I PUT UP?
MY TARGET THIS WEEK IS ALYSSA.
BUT IF SHE HAPPENS TO WIN VETO
THIS WEEK AND PULLS HERSELF OFF
OF THE BLOCK, I AM GOING TO FIND
MYSELF IN A VERY TOUGH
SITUATION.
THE ONLY PERSON LEFT OUTSIDE OF
THE COOKOUT WOULD BE CLAIRE TO
NOMINATE.
SO I WOULD BE FORCED TO CHOOSE
BETWEEN MY PLUS-ONE AND THE
COOKOUT.
THIS IS A DECISION THAT I DON'T
WANT TO BE FORCED TO MAKE.
SO ALYSSA BETTER NOT COME OFF OF
THAT BLOCK.
I WANT YOU TO PLAY, IF YOU GET
CHOSEN TO PLAY.
BECAUSE WE'VE GOT TO WIN.
WE'VE GOT TO WIN, YEAH.
HI.
OKAY, IF I PICK YOU FOR VETO,
WOULD YOU COMPETE FOR ME
I SAVED YOU.
REMEMBER, I SAVED YOU.
I WOULD LIKE TO TAKE DEREK OFF
THE BLOCK.
THANK YOU!
I DO FEEL PRETTY GOOD WITH MY
RELATIONSHIP WITH BIG "D,"
MAINLY BECAUSE I DID SAVE BIG
"D" FROM BEING ON THE BLOCK FROM
THE CHOPPING BLOCK ROULETTE.
AT THIS POINT IN THE GAME, I
COULD USE AS MUCH HELP AS I CAN,
SO IT'S TIME FOR ME TO COLLECT
SOME FAVORS.
LISTEN, IF YOU PICK ME, OF
COURSE I'M GOING TO PLAY FOR
YOU.
OKAY.
THANKS.
ABSOLUTELY.
YOU DID TAKE ME OFF THE BLOCK.
I DID TAKE YOU OFF.
SO I HAVE TO REMEMBER THAT.
I'M TELLING ALYSSA THAT I'M
GOING TO USE THE VETE ON ON HER
IF I WIN.
BUT, BABY GIRL, I LOVE YOU, BUT
THAT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN
BECAUSE I CAN'T AFFORD TIFFANY
POTENTIALLY PUTTING UP ANYONE
ELSE IN THE COOKOUT.
I JUST DON'T TRUST THAT TIFFANY
WILL DO WHAT NEEDS TO GET DONE.
I'M NOT GOING TO REALLY
STRESS ABOUT IT.
NOT GOING TO DO THE FAKE SMILE
THIS WEEK TO GET MY WAY THROUGH
IT.
I'D RATHER PREPARE MYSELF FOR A
VETO.
I DON'T NEED TO BE ALL
BUDDY-BUDDY WITH PEOPLE.
YEAH.
LOOK AT YOUR FACE.
AM WHAT'S ON YOUR MIND?
IT'S AN INDIVIDUAL GAME.
WE QUE THAT WHEN WE CAME IN
HERE.
WE KNOW WHAT WE NEED TO DO TO
GET US TO WHAT WE HAVE TO DO.
SHE PISSED ME OFF THIS WEEK.
I'VE BEEN THROWING COMPETITIONS.
I'VE MADE SACRIFICES.
LIKE, I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I WILL DO WITH
THE VETO IF I WIN.
LET'S SAY I WIN THE VETO, TAKE
ALYSSA DOWN.
THEN WHAT HAPPENS?
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO DO THAT
TO YOURSELF.
WHY NOT?
I'M GOING TO PLAY A SCENARIO
WITH YOU IN MY HEAD.
THIS IS JUST IF I FELT LIKE
BEING A...
WHICH I HAVEN'T BEEN.
I'VE BEEN A TEAM-FIRST PLAYER.
I WIN THE GOLDEN POWER OF VETO,
I SNATCH ALYSSA OFF.
ALYSSA IS SAFE.
SHE HAS A CHOICE TO PUT UP
CLAIRE, WHICH WOULD MAKE
EVERYBODY IN THE COOKOUT HAPPY,
PRETTY MUCH RUIN HER GAME,
BECAUSE SHE WOULD GO TO JURY AND
TELL EVERYONE TIFFANY PUT HER
UP.
OR SHE PUTS UP ANOTHER MEMBER OF
THE COOKOUT.
WHICH ALSO RUINS HER GAME.
THE SELF-INTEREST PLAY THAT I'M
SEEING MAKES ME WANT TO JUST...
GAME OVER.
I LOVE ME A MESSY-MESSY PLAN.
I DON'T MIND EATING SOME POPCORN
AND WATCHING IT JUST EXPLODE.
BUT IT'S ALSO SCARY BECAUSE
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT TIFFANY
HERE.
SHE MIGHT NOT PUT CLAIRE UP.
SHE MIGHT PUT ME OR KYLAND OR
AZAH.
SHE CAN DECIDE ON WHOEVER SHE
WANTS TO PUT UP AT THAT POINT.
AND THAT'S A RISKY MOVE FOR MY
GAME AND EVERYONE ELSE WHO I
CARE ABOUT.
I THINK MY KINDNESS IS BEING
TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF.
ARE WE AT THE POINT WHERE
WE'RE LIKE...
THAT'S WHERE I'M AT RIGHT
NOW.
WHY WOULD I DO THIS?
TO PISS TIFFANY OFF.
THE EVIL SIDE OF ME WANTS TO
COME OUT BECAUSE I'VE BEEN
CAGING HIM ALL SUMMER LONG FOR
THIS DAMN COOKOUT.
IF OTHER PEOPLE ARE GOING TO
PRIORITIZE THEIR OWN INTEREST
OVER THAT OF THE COOKOUT, WHY
SHOULDN'T I BE DOING THE SAME?
AND IF I'M GOING TO BE DOING THE
SAME, I'M GOING TO GO IT IN
GLORIOUS FASHION.
BUT FOR THIS IDEA TO BECOME A
REALITY, I HAVE TO WIN THE
GOLDEN POWER OF VETO, WHICH
MEANS NO THROWING THIS
COMPETITION.
I'M COMING FOR THE GOLDEN POWER
OF VETO.
WE HAVE TO BE SMART.
IF WE'RE BOTH NOT LEVEL-HEADED,
IT COULD GO SOUTH.
DON'T PLAY WITH ME.
I'M GOING TO SAY REAL QUICK.
GO AHEAD, DO WHAT YOU NEED TO
DO.
DO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
♪ DO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
I SING AT HOME ALL THE TIME, AND
WHEN THERE ISN'T MUCH TO DO
EXCEPT GAME, SINGING REALLY
COMES IN HANDY
♪ DO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
OH, I WILL.
LOVE THAT.
AND THAT IS AZAH SINGING "DO
WHAT YOU NEED TO DO."
DO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO,
COMING IN AT NUMBER TWO BEHIND
BIG BLUE COUCH.
YOU HAVE EVER WANTED TO OWN
ALL YOUR FAVORITE HITS FROM B.B.
23?
WELL, CALL US NOW, AND YOU CAN
GET B.B. 23 MUSIC SONGS,
FEATURING, THE BIG BLUE COUCH
♪ BIG BLUE COUCH
GRAB A SEAT AND SOME POPCORN
WITH YOUR FRIENDS ♪
DO YOU WANT SOMETHING MORE
SMOOTH JAZZ?
THEN CHECK OUT "I'M ON THE BLOCK
AGAIN."
♪ I'M BACK ON THE BLOCK AGAIN
BECAUSE I'M FROM THE BLOCK ♪
AND DON'T YOU FORGET THE CROWD
PLEASURE-- "WELCOME TO 'BIG
BROTHER '"
♪ WELCOME TO "BIG BROTHER"
WHERE EVERYBODY HIDES IN THEIR
ROOM
♪ BECAUSE THEY'RE CONSPIRING
AGAINST THE REST OF THE HOUSE ♪
DUN-DUN!
AND IF YOU ACT NOW, WE'LL
THROW IN A SPECIAL REMIX OF "DO
WHAT YOU GOTTA DO."
♪ DO WHAT YOU GOTTA DO
DO WHAT YOU GOTTA DO
YEAH!
FOR OUR FIRST 100 CALLERS, WE
WILL THROW IN BIG "D'S" DANCE
HIT, FEATURING "TAKE YOUR ASS
HOME."
♪ TAKE YOUR ASS HOME
TAKE YOUR ASS HOME
LET'S KEEP SINGING.
HEY, EVERYONE!
IT'S TIME TO PICK PLAYERS FOR
THE VETO COMPETITION!
YAY!
"ONLY SIX PEOPLE WILL
PARTICIPATE IN THE VETO
THE HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD, THE TWO NOMINEES, AND
THREE OTHER PLAYERS SELECTED BY
RANDOM DRAW.
WILL THE NOMINEES PLEASE JOIN ME
UP HERE."
"AS H.O.H., I WILL PICK FIRST."
I AM HOPING THAT HANNAH, EVEN
CLAIRE GETS PICKED TO PLAY VETO
TODAY.
I'M HOPING THAT THEY WILL PLAY
TO WIN AND KEEP MY NOMINATIONS
THE SAME.
HOUSEGUEST CHOICE.
I CHOOSE...
HANNAH.
[ APPLAUSE ].
YAY!
THANKS, TIFF.
I'M HOPING I WILL PICK EITHER
AZAH OR BIG "D."
THIS IS A SCENARIO WHERE EITHER
ALYSSA OR MYSELF NEED TO WIN THE
VETO, AND FOR FACING OFF AGAINST
THEM, I LIKE OUR ODDS.
DEREK F.
[ APPLAUSE ].
YAY.
ONE BALD MAN TO ANOTHER BALD
MAN.
GETTING PICKED FOR VETO IS VERY
WEIRD RIGHT NOW BECAUSE I'M IN A
SITUATION WHERE I TOLD ALYSSA I
WAS GOING TO USE IT TO SAVE HER,
BUT THAT'S NOT THE CASE BECAUSE
I HAVE TO MAKE SURE I PROTECT
MYSELF AND ALSO LOOK OUT FOR THE
PEOPLE I'M WORKING WITH.
SO IF I WIN, I WILL KEEP
NOMINATIONS THE SAME.
AZAH.
SORRY, KY.
"'BIG BROTHER' WILL INFORM US
WHEN THE COMPETITION IS TO
BEGIN.
GOOD LUCK.
THE
[ APPLAUSE ].
GOOD LUCK, BUDDY.
KY WAS SO CUTE IN THE
BEGINNING.
THEN THAT--
GOOD MORNING, YOU IDIOTS!
OH, MY GOD!
COME TO THE BACKYARD.
IT'S ZINGBOT!
ZING!
I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED.
I FEEL LIKE I'M ABOUT TO MEET
BARACK OBAMA.
I GET TO MEET ZINGBOT!
ZINGBOT!
OH, MY GOD!
ZINGBOT IS THIS ROBOT WHO
COMES TO THE "BIG BROTHER" HOUSE
EVERY SEASON AND ROASTS EACH AND
EVERY ONE OF THE HOUSEGUESTS.
I CANNOT WAIT TO GET MY FEELINGS
HURT BY THIS ROBOT.
OH, I'M SO EXCITED.
HEY!
WELL, LOOK AT THIS BUNCH
OF...
LOSERS.
USUALLY, MY JOB IS HARD, BUT YOU
GUYS MAKE IT VERY, VERY EASY!
OH, MY GOD!
OH, NO!
ALYSSA!
YOU'RE FROM FLORIDA, THE
SUNSHINE STATE, WHICH IS IRONIC
CONSIDERING YOU'RE SO...
DIM!
I DON'T GET IT.
ZING-ZING-ZING.
NO, YOU GET IT.
YOU GET IT.
OUCH!
OH, OUCH.
OKAY, ZING.
TO BE CLEAR, I'M CALLING YOU
DUMB.
XAVIER!
I'M GOING TO REVEAL YOUR SECRET.
WHAT THE HELL, MAN?
IF YOU TELL THESE PEOPLE THAT
I'M A LAWYER, OH, I WILL ROAST
YOUR WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE.
YOU HAVE A CRUSH ALL SEASON
LONG YOU'VE BEEN ADMIRING THEIR
BODY, GETTING LOST IN THEIR
EYES, AND STARING AT THEIR ASS.
OOOOH!
OH, WAIT, THAT'S JUST...
YOUR REFLECTION.
OH!
ZING-ZA-ZING-ZING-ZING.
SORRY.
XAVIER CAN CAN WALK AROUND
SHIRTLESS AND ADMIRE HIMSELF IN
THE MIRROR FOR ALL I CARE.
I AM COMPLETELY FINE WITH THAT.
I'VE BEEN ZINGING FOR OVER A
DECADE NOW.
AND IT NEVER GETS OLD.
OH, NO.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT HAS?
TIFFANY!
OOOH.
NO!
OH, MY GOD!
THAT WAS ROUGH.
FOUR SCORE AND SEVEN ZINGS
AGO...
OH, MY GOD!
FAMILY SHOW, FAMILY SHOW.
TIFFANY IS OLD.
HISTORY OLD.
THANKS, ZINGBOT.
OH, MY GOD, NOBODY MOVE!
WE'RE ALL IN DANGER!
I'VE SPOTTED BIG FOOT.
MY BAD.
THAT'S JUST...
CLAIRE.
OH!
NO!
CLAIRE DOES WALK AROUND HERE
WITH WIDE ARMS AND WIDE LEGS.
SHE LITERALLY LOOKS LIKE BIG
FOOT.
OH!
HOUSEGUESTS, I HAVE A JOKE
FOR YOU.
KNOCK, KNOCK.
WHO'S THERE?
HANNAH.
HANNAH WHO?
EXACTLY!
OOOH!
THAT'S OKAY.
THAT IS OKAY.
I THINK HANNAH IS FAR FROM
IRRELEVANT.
YES, I KIND OF FORGOT SHE WAS IN
MY ALLIANCE FOR THREE WEEKS, BUT
THAT DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING.
OH, GEEZ.
BIG "D."
YO!
YOU'VE MADE QUITE THE MARK ON
THE "BIG BROTHER" HOUSE THIS
SUMMER.
TOO BAD IT'S IN THE...
TOYLAND.
THAT'S A ZING.
ZINGBOT IS ACTUALLY RIGHT
ABOUT THAT BECAUSE THE ONLY
THING HE DOES IN THIS GAME IS
GET ON MY DAMN NERVES.
OH, GOD.
AS A ROBOT, I CAN ACCURATELY
PREDICT THE FUTURE.
OH, NO.
I'VE DETERMINED THE FOLLOWING
THINGS WILL NEVER HAPPEN.
OH, NO.
TIME TRAVEL, TELEPORITATION,
XAVIER GOING ON A DATE WITH...
AZAH!
ENEMY.
OH, MY GOD!
WOW!
WAS THAT A ZING FOR YOU?
THAT WAS FOR HER.
BRO!
WHY?
DANG, ZINGBOT!
ON THE NATIONAL TELLY.
KYLAND, LISTENING TO YOU TALK
IS LIKE SITTING BY A BROOK...
AN ENDLESS BABBLING BROOK.
SHUT THE UP!
MP
ZIIIING!
EVERYONE KNOWS KYLAND
BABBLES.
THE MORE HE TALKS, THE LESS
PEOPLE UNDERSTAND WHAT THE HELL
HE IS SAYING.
YOU'RE WONDERING WHAT JUST
HAPPENED HERE AND HOW DID 40
MINUTES GO BY?
HE NEVER SHUTS UP.
BUT HE'S SO DAMN CUTE.
HOUSEGUESTS, AFTER MY
INTERGALACTIC TIGER SANCTUARY
WENT BELLY-UP, I DECIDED TO
BECOME A ZING-FLUENCER.
AND THE NEW PLATFORM IS
ZING-STA-GRAM.
ON PLANET ZING, EVERYONE IS
OBSESSED WITH VIDEOS OF IDIOTS
DOING STUPID CHALLENGES.
SO I IMMEDIATELY THOUGHT OF YOU
MORONS.
FAIR.
YOU KNOW WHAT, ZINGBOT?
I MAY BE DIM, BUT I'M BRIGHT
ENOUGH TO KNOW THAT I NEED TO
WIN THIS VETO.
SO WHEN I TAKE MYSELF OFF THE
BLOCK, I'LL GET THE LAST LAUGH.
GET READY, BECAUSE IF YOU
WANT TO WIN THE POWER OF VETO,
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO HELP ME
GO VIRAL.
ALL RIGHT, ZINGBOT.
[ APPLAUSE ].
ZINGBOT, I QOT YOU!
AND TO MAKE SURE THIS VIDEO
BLOWS UP, I AM GOING TO BLOW YOU
UP.
OH!
OH, MY GOD!
THERE THEY GO.
YOU TO HELP ZINGBOT GO VIRAL.
HERE IS YOUR ZING-STA-GRAM
CHALLENGE.
YOU MUST STACK 21 COCKTAILS INTO
A TINY PYRAMID ON YOUR GOLD
TABLE.
BUT IT'S NOT GOING TO BE EASY
BECAUSE YOU'RE ALL HUGE, AND
THESE ARE MICRO-COCKTAILS.
THE FIRST HOUSEGUEST TO STACK 21
MICRO-COCKTAILS IN A PYRAMID
WILL WIN THE GOLDEN POWER OF
VETO!
WHO'S READY TO PLAY
"MICRO-COCKTAILS"?
YEAH!
I'M H.O.H. THIS WEEK, AND I
NEED TO WIN THE VETO TO KEEP MY
NOMINATIONS THE SAME.
ALYSSA COMING DOWN IS WORST-CASE
SCENARIO FOR ME.
THAT FORCES ME TO HAVE TO CHOOSE
BETWEEN THE COOKOUT AND MY GOOD
FRIEND CLAIRE.
I DO NOT WANT TO HAVE TO DO
THAT.
I AM ON THE BLOCK.
I COULD EASILY GO HOME IF I DO
NOT WIN THIS VETO.
I NEED TO ENSURE MY SAFETY, AND
THE ONLY WAY TO DO THAT IS TO
WIN IT MYSELF.
MY STRATEGY IN THIS COMPETITION
IS TO MAKE SURE THE FIRST SIX
COCKTAILS ARE A REALLY STEADY
BASE.
I WANT THEM IN A PERFECTLY TIGHT
STRAIGHT LINE AND BUILD MY WAY
UP.
EITHER I WANT TO WIN THE
VETO, OR I WANT ALYSSA TO WIN
THE VETO, BECAUSE I COULD TAKE
ALYSSA OFF THE BLOCK AND FORCE
TIFFANY TO CHOOSE BETWEEN
NOMINATING CLAIRE OR A COOKOUT
MEMBER.
IF SOMEONE COMES OFF THE
BLOCK, I DON'T KNOW WHAT
SHENANIGANS TIFFANY IS GOING TO
TRY TO PULL.
SO I NEED TO WIN THIS VETO, SO I
CAN MAKE SURE NOMINATIONS STAY
THE SAME.
I HAVE TO WIN THIS VETO FOR
TWO REASONS.
ONE, I WANT TO CONTINUE TO BUILD
MY RESUME IN THIS GAME.
AND, TWO, ALYSSA CANNOT WIN.
I NEED TO WIN, KEEP NOMINATIONS
THE SAME, SO THAT WE CAN SEND
ALYSSA HOME.
CHADDHA IS STARTING HER THIRD
ROW.
AMAZING.
OH, MY GOSH
IF I WIN THIS VETO, I CAN
EITHER TAKE XAVIER DOWN OR KEEP
THE NOMINATION THE SAME.
EITHER WAY IS GOOD FOR ME.
I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE WE CAN
STILL GET ALYSSA OUT THIS WEEK.
ALYSSA IS ON THE THIRD ROW!
TIFF IS MOVING.
LOOK AT THAT.
SHE IS.
OH, TIFFANY IS KNOCKING HERS
OFF.
ALYSSA'S GOING!
WOW.
OH, MY GOSH, ALYSSA MIGHT
JUST WIN THIS.
NO, ALYSSA IS ABOUT TO WIN
THIS.
I'M STACKING HIGHER AND
HIGHER, AND I'M FEELING PRETTY
CONFIDENT.
MAYBE I COULD GET IT ON MY FIRST
TRY, AND THAT WOULD BE INSANE.
OH!
NO!
WHOA!
HEARTBREAKING FOR HER, BUT LET'S
GO.
OH!
THIS SUCKS.
NOW I HAVE TO BUILD THE PYRAMID
ALL OVER AGAIN.
I'M A PHLEBOTOMIST, AND I'M
GOOD AT IT.
I'VE GOT THE STEADIEST HAND I
KNOW.
HOWEVER, THEY JUST KEEP FALLING!
THIS IS LITERALLY ANYONE'S
COMP.
I ONLY HAVE ONE MORE
MICRO-COCKTAIL THAT I HAVE TO
PUT ON TOP.
NO!
OH!
HEARTBREAK.
I HIT THE BAR AND KNOCK
EVERYTHING OVER.
AND I'M JUST PISSED.
DEREK, DON'T GIVE UP.
RESTART.
BACK IN THE GAME.
THIS THING KEEPS FALLING AND
FALLING AND FALLING.
AND I'M MAD BECAUSE I CAN'T EVEN
DRINK THE DAMN COCKTAILS.
THIS IS NOT A COMPETITION FOR A
GUY WITH BIG HANDS.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT WHAT THEY SAY
ABOUT BIG HANDS...
THEY KNOCK OVER THE
MICRO-COCKTAILS.
I'M GIVING IT MY BEST SHOT,
BUT IT'S NOT REALLY WORKING OUT.
IT LOOKS LIKE A COLLEGE FRAT
PARTY.
THERE ARE COCKTAILS EVERYWHERE.
WHEN THINGS ARE GOING SO
TERRIBLY, YOU CAN'T REALLY DO
ANYTHING ELSE BUT LAUGH.
I FEEL LIKE I CAN'T WATCH.
IT'S LOOKING LIKE MY STRATEGY
OF KEEPING A STRONG BASE IS
WORKING.
OH!
OH, MY GOD!
DUDE, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
BUT EVERY TIME MIPYRAMID
FALLS, I SEE IT'S MAKING MY BASE
VERY UNSTABLE.
I'M REALIZING THAT EVEN IF A FEW
OF MY GLASSES DO FALL, I'M JUST
GOING TO KNOCK THE REST OVER AND
START FROM SCRATCH
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO BE A
SURGEON.
BUT THE FACT THAT I CAN'T HOLD
THESE WEEZERS STILL TELLS ME
THAT I HAVE TO FIND ANOTHER
CAREER BECAUSE THERE'S NO WAY.
OH!
-- OH, MY GOD 1
- KWR50
- EURBGS OH,
MY GOD!
I'M FEELING SO ANNOYED.
EVERY TIME I GET SO CLOSE,
SOMEHOW IT FALLS.
BUT I'M GETTING MORE PRACTICE
EVERY TIME, AND I JUST CANNOT
GET DISCOURAGED.
I NEED TO FOCUS AND I NEED TO
WIN THIS COMPETITION.
ARE
I AM ALMOST THERE, JUST A FEW
MORE GLASSES.
TIFF, YOU'VE GOT THIS.
I AM SO CLOSE AGAIN, I AM
PLAYSER FOCUSED.
MY B.B. LIFE IS ON THE LINE.
LOSING IS JUST NOT AN OPTION AT
THIS POINT.
OH, MY GOD!
THIS IS WILD!
NO!
YES!
DAMN!
OH, MY GOD!
THANK YOU!
GOOD JOB, BABY.
CONGRATULATIONS, ALYSSA!
YOU HAVE WON THE GOLDEN POWER OF
VETO!
I JUST WON THE GOLDEN POWER
OF VETO!
I AM SO EXCITED BECAUSE I KILLED
IT!
AND NOW I'M SAFE THIS WEEK.
OH, MY GOD.
THANK GOD.
LET'S SEE IF WE CAN BRING
THESE MORONS BACK INTO THE YARD.
YAY!
[ APPLAUSE ].
CONGRATULATIONS ALYSSA.
DOUBLE HUG, DOUBLE HUG.
THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST
PREDICAMENT FOR ME TO BE IN.
OH, THIS, I...
I... AH!
THAT'S WHAT YOU GET, TIFFANY
AND I E DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO WIN
THE GOLDEN POWER OF VETO.
ALYSSA WON.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT YOU DIDN'T
WANT.
AND GUESS WHAT?
IT HAPPENED.
THAT'S WHAT YOU GET.
THANKS, ALYSSA, FOR HELPING
ME GO VIRAL.
OH, YOU'RE WELCOME, ZINGBOT.
I'M OUT OF HERE.
BYE, MORONS!
BYE, LOSER!
BYE!
LOVE YOU, ZING!
ZIIIING!
HEY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'M JUST BUMMED I DIDN'T WIN.
I CAN'T WIN IN THIS HOUSE.
I'M STILL ON THE BLOCK, AND
YOU'RE BUMMED?
I COULD END UP NEXT TO YOU.
YEAH, RIGHT.
IF WE WOULD HAVE WENT WITH
OUR ORIGINAL PLAN, WE WOULDN'T
BE WORRIED ABOUT THIS.
WELCOME TO "BIG BROTHER."
NO, THIS AIN'T EVEN "BIG
BROTHER."
THAT WAS JUST A WOMAN BEING
SELFISH, AND NOW IT BIT HER IN
THE ASS.
WE BETTER HOPE SHE DOES IT.
ALYSSA WINNING VETO MAKES ME
VERY NERVOUS BECAUSE I DON'T
KNOW WHAT TIFFANY'S GOING TO DO
NOW.
THE PLAN IS FOR HER TO PUT
CLAIRE ON THE BLOCK, BUT KNOWING
TIFFANY, SHE CAN ALWAYS BE
SELFISH ONCE AGAIN AND DECIDE TO
MAKE A BIG MOVE BY PUTTING THE
BOYS IN THE COOKOUT ON THE
BLOCK.
AND SENDING ONE OF US HOME.
THE WAY I SEE IT, IS SHE HAS
SHE PUTS UP CLAIRE.
IF SHE PUTS UP ANOTHER MEMBER OF
THE COOKOUT...
AND SHE MAKES IT TO FINAL TWO,
SHE JUST LOST FOUR VOTES.
I KNOW.
IT'S JUST A LOT OF PRESSURE
BECAUSE IT'S, LIKE--
A LOT OF POSSIBILITIES.
RIGHT.
I AM NOT SURPRISED ALYSSA WON
THE VETO.
MURPHY'S LAW IS THE STORY OF MY
LIFE.
UH-HUH.
AND NOW PEOPLE FEEL LIKE,
"THAT'S WHAT SHE DESERVES.
THAT'S WHAT SHE GETS.
SHE WANTED H.O.H., SO SHE SHOULD
HAVE TO SUFFER THE
CONSEQUENCES."
YEAH.
NOBODY WANTS ME TO HAVE WHAT
I WANT AT THIS POINT.
AND IF CLAIRE HAS TO GO, CLAIRE
HAS TO GO.
I JUST HAVE TO TELL CLAIRE.
WHEN I THINK ABOUT THE COOKOUT
AND CLAIRE, FOR MY OWN PERSONAL
GAME, IT WOULD BE CLAIRE ALL
DAY.
BUT I MADE A COMMITMENT TO THE
COOKOUT, AND IF I GO AGAINST
THEM NOW, MY CHANCES OF WINNING
THIS GAME ARE SHOT.
I HAVE TO FIND A WAY TO BREAK IT
TO HER THAT SHE IS GOING TO BE
THE REPLACEMENT NOMINEE WITHOUT
RUINING MY RELATIONSHIP WITH
CLAIRE.
YOU COULD FRAME IT LIKE, "I
MADE A DEAL WITH XAVIER, KYLAND,
AZAH AND BIG "D" THIS WEEK THEY
WOULDN'T SEND ANY OF THEM HOME."
YOU DON'T TELL CLAIRE ABOUT
THE COOKOUT.
OKAY.
WHEN IS WHY THE WORD "DEAL" IS
PERFECT.
WHAT I DON'T WANT IS TO
COMPLETELY MISLEAD HER.
AND I ALSO DON'T WANT TO
ENDANGER ANYBODY ELSE.
YEAH.
UH-HUH.
IF SHE PUTS UP SOMEBODY ELSE
IN THE COOKOUT, SHE BETTER MAKE
SURE I'M NOT HERE ANYMORE.
THAT'S HOW I FEEL.
ARE YOU CONSPIRING AGAINST
ME?
PROBABLY.
I DON'T KNOW.
HOW IS SHE-- IS SHE OKAY?
YEAH, TIFF'S FINE.
CLAIRE HAS TO GO UP.
AND--
SO HOW IS SHE TRYING TO FRAME
THAT?
WELL, OBVIOUSLY, SHE CAN'T
EXPOSE THE COOKE UP ON THE.
SO SHE CAN FRAME IT AS, "THIS
WEEK, I MADE A DEAL WITH XAVIER,
BIG "D," AZAH, CHADDHA, AND
KYLAND."
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT ONE.
I THINK EVEN IF SHE SAYS SHE
MAKES THAT DEAL...
YEAH.
THAT DOES EXPOSE US.
SHE HAS TO THINK ABOUT HER
OWN MANAGEMENT HERE.
OF COURSE.
SHE ISN'T THINK ABOUT THE
SIX.
IT'S NOT THAT.
IT'S WHO SHE'S SAYING SHE MADE
THE DEAL WITH.
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
THAT'S PRETTY MUCH EVERYONE IN
THE COOKOUT.
I KNOW, BUT CLAIRE MIGHT
RESPECT IT MORE IF TIFF IS
HONEST WITH HER NOW, VERSUS
AFTER SHE SEND HER PACKING.
IF SHE DOES THAT, NEARLY
EVERYONE IN THE COOKOUT WILL
WANT TO COME AFTER HER.
NOT ONLY ARE YOU BLOWING UP
EVERYTHING IN THIS HOUSE,
AMERICA SEES IS,s TOO.
YOU DON'T WANT THAT.
I'M GLAD TIFFANY IS GOING TO BE
NAMING CLAIRE AS THE REPLACEMENT
NOMINEE.
BUT I'M SLIGHTLY CONCERNED ABOUT
HOW SHE'S PLANNING ON GOING
ABOUT IT.
IF TIFFANY ISN'T CAREFUL AND
PRECISE, WE RUN THE RISK OF
EXPOSING THE COOKOUT WITH ALYSSA
STILL HERE, WHEN ALYSSA CAN
STILL COMPETE IN THE NEXT H.O.H.
WHO DO YOU THINK ALYSSA IS GOING
TO BE MOST UPSET WITH AND
TARGET, ME?
EXPOSING THE COOKOUT, NOT AN
OPTION.
LIKE, THERE ARE JUST THINGS THAT
AREN'T AN OPTION.
OH, GOD, CLAIRE.
OF COURSE SHE'S GOING TO USE THE
VETE ON ON HERSELF.
YEAH.
SO I'M STRUGGLING.
CLAIRE HAS MY UTMOST RESPECT, SO
I AM GOING TO BE AS HONEST WITH
CLAIRE AS I CAN WITHOUT EXPOSING
THE COOKOUT.
I STILL WANT HER RESPECT FOR ME,
AND I DON'T HAVE TO JEOPARDIZE
THEIR GAME TO BE HONEST WITH MY
FRIEND.
MY TARGET THIS WEEK...
WAS ALYSSA.
YEAH.
BUT GAME ASIDE, MY OWN
PERSONAL PREFERENCE, I DON'T
WANT TO BE THE PERSON TO SEND
OUT AZAH, CHADDHA, "X," KYLAND,
BIG "D."
I DON'T WANT TO SIT THEM NEXT TO
EACH OTHER.
YEAH.
AND BE THE ONE THAT HAS TO BE
THE FIRST PERSON TO SEND ONE OF
THEM OUT.
YEAH.
AS MUCH AS I WANTED TO RIDE
THIS THING OUT WITH YOU, I DON'T
HAVE ANYBODY ELSE TO PUT ON THE
BLOCK.
YOU'RE GOING TO PUT ME UP?
I HAVE TO PUT YOU UP.
TIFF, THEY'RE JUST GOING TO
VOTE ME OUT.
I LOVE YOU TO DEATH.
I HAVE BEEN SO TORN YESTERDAY
AND TODAY.
I NEVER WANTED TO BE THE ONE TO
PUT YOU IN THIS SITUATION TO GO
ON THE BLOCK.
YOU HAVE BEEN WITH ME SINCE THE
VERY BEGINNING.
GAME ASIDE, I KNEW WHEN I CAME
INTO THIS HOUSE THAT I DIDN'T
WANT TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR
SENDING ANY OF THEM HOME.
BUT IF I PUT ANY OF THEM NEXT TO
HIM, I HAVE SEALED SOMEBODY'S
FATE.
AND WHEN THIS GAME IS OVER AND
THIS GAME IS DONE, I HAVE TO
STILL BE ABLE TO LOOK APT MYSELF
AND BE CONFIDENT AND COMFORTABLE
IN THE WAY I PLAYED THIS GAME.
I CARE ABOUT YOU PROBABLY MORE
THAN ANYBODY IN THIS HOUSE.
YEAH.
I BELIEVE THAT.
I DON'T WANT TO LIE TO YOU.
I WANT TO BE AS HONEST WITH YOU
AS I CAN.
ARE YOU IN AN ALLIANCE WITH
THEM?
NO.
WE-- I-- I HAVE MY OWN PERSONAL
FEELINGS ABOUT HOW I WANT TO
PLAY THIS GAME.
I'M SO SORRY.
I'M SORRY.
SO SORRY.
IT REALLY, REALLY SUCKS,
BECAUSE I CAN'T BE THAT MAD AT
HER.
BECAUSE I KNOW... THAT TIFF
DOESN'T WANT TO BE PART OF THIS
LONG TRADITION THAT'S HAPPENED
IN "BIG BROTHER," WHERE PEOPLE
OF COLOR AND PEOPLE WHO ARE
BLACK GO OUT.
AND THEY'RE PUT AGAINST EACH
OTHER AND THEY'RE SENT OUT.
I KNOW SO MANY PEOPLE WON'T GET
IT.
BUT I GET IT.
AND THAT'S WHY I CAN'T FIGHT HER
ON THIS.
THIS IS THE HARDEST DECISION
I HAVE EVER HAD TO MAKE IN THIS
GAME.
YOU HAVE TO DO WHAT YOU HAVE
TO DO, TIFF.
I'M SORRY.
AND EVEN IF I GO THIS WEEK, I
WON'T HOLD IT AGAINST YOU.
I HAVE SO MUCH RESPECT FOR
YOU.
YOU, TIFF.
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU GO
HOME THURSDAY.
I HOPE YOU FIGHT.
I WILL.
COME OUT GUNS BLAZING.
YOU HAVE ME IN YOUR CORNER.
I KNOW.
I KNOW I DO.
I'M STILL GOING TO FIGHT.
AND THERE MIGHT BE A CHANCE.
IT'S TIME FOR THE VETO MEETING.
THIS IS THE VETO MEETING.
XAVIER AND MYSELF HAVE BEEN
NOMINATED FOR EVICTION.
BUT I HAVE THE POWER TO VETO ONE
OF THE NOMINATIONS.
I HAVE DECIDED TO USE THE POWER
OF VETO ON MYSELF.
TIFFANY, SINCE I JUST VETOED ONE
OF YOUR NOMINATIONS FOR
EVICTION, YOU WILL NOW HAVE TO
NAME A NEW HOUSEGUEST AS A
REPLACEMENT NOMINEE.
THIS IS A VERY DIFFICULT
DECISION.
HOWEVER, CLAIRE, I AM CHOOSING
TO REPLACE MY NOMINATION WITH
YOU.
THIS VETO MEETING IS
ADJOURNED.
I AM SO PROUD OF MYSELF THAT
I WON THE VETO AND GOT MYSELF
OFF THE BLOCK, AND I WANT TO
KEEP UP THIS MOMENTUM AND BE
ABLE TO WIN THE NEXT H.O.H., AND
I'M SORRY, TIFFANY, YOU SHOULD
BE A LITTLE SCARED.
I WANTED TO KEEP CLAIRE SAFE
AND REMAIN LOYAL TO THE COOKOUT.
BUT WE CANNOT ALWAYS GET WHAT WE
WANT.
NOT EVEN ME.
I MAY HAVE GONE ON THE BLOCK
LIKE A LAMB, BUT I'M GOING TO GO
UP ON THE LIKE A LION.
AND I'LL GO OUT FIGHTING AND
SCRATCHING AND CLAWING AND DOING
WHAT I NEED TO STAY.
YOU'VE BEEN
WAITING ALL SUMMER, AND IT'S
FINALLY HERE-- DOUBLE EVICTION.
WILL THE COOKOUT COMPLETE THEIR
MISSION AND MAKE IT TO THE FINAL
SIX?
FIND OUT TOMORROW NIGHT AT 8:00,
7:00 CENTRAL ON "BIG BROTHER"!